README.md, before:

[![Packagist.org](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/wikimedia/aho-corasick.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/wikimedia/aho-corasick)

AhoCorasick
===========

AhoCorasick is a PHP implementation of the [Aho-Corasick][1] string search
algorithm, which is an efficient way of searching a body of text for multiple
search keywords.

Here is how you use it:

<pre lang="php">
use AhoCorasick\MultiStringMatcher;

$keywords = new MultiStringMatcher( array( 'ore', 'hell' ) );

$keywords->searchIn( 'She sells sea shells by the sea shore.' );
// Result: array( array( 15, 'hell' ), array( 34, 'ore' ) )

$keywords->searchIn( 'Say hello to more text. MultiStringMatcher objects are reusable!' );
// Result: array( array( 4, 'hell' ), array( 14, 'ore' ) )
</pre>


Features
--------

The algorithm works by constructing a finite-state machine out of the set of
search keywords. The time it takes to construct the finite state machine is
proportional to the sum of the lengths of the search keywords. Once
constructed, the machine can locate all occurences of all search keywords in
any body of text in a single pass, making exactly one state transition per
input character.


Contribute
----------

- Issue tracker: <https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/tag/ahocorasick/>
- Source code: https://github.com/wikimedia/AhoCorasick


Support
-------

If you are having issues, [please let us know][2].


License
-------

The project is licensed under the Apache license.


[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aho%E2%80%93Corasick_string_matching_algorithm
[2]: https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/maniphest/task/create/?projects=PHID-PROJ-hs5ausnvlfs4e3n5gmzg

Commit message:

Release v2.0.0
* Start a high-level changelog.

* Fix NOTICE file to be compliant with what the license text says,
  matching our repos for php-cssjanus, less.php, excimer-ui-client,
  and other Apache-licensed projects.

* Remove outdated build filter for Doxygen and the broken use of
  `<pre lang="">` which doesn't work on Gitiles. The element was
  missing when viewing https://gerrit.wikimedia.org/g/AhoCorasick

* Move repo docs from primary class file to README. In particular
  they were on the @file block, which meant they weren't even prominent
  in the Doxygen output (i.e. not on the class page).

Bug: T301632
Bug: T287972
Change-Id: I8d4f2fc2094e9dde19bd438a57d69eba545dabf9

README.md, after:

[![Packagist.org](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/wikimedia/aho-corasick.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/wikimedia/aho-corasick)

AhoCorasick
===========

AhoCorasick is a PHP implementation of the [Aho-Corasick][1] string search
algorithm, which is an efficient way of searching a body of text for multiple
search keywords.

Here is how you use it:

```php
use AhoCorasick\MultiStringMatcher;

$keywords = new MultiStringMatcher( array( 'ore', 'hell' ) );

$keywords->searchIn( 'She sells sea shells by the sea shore.' );
// Result: array( array( 15, 'hell' ), array( 34, 'ore' ) )

$keywords->searchIn( 'Say hello to more text. MultiStringMatcher objects are reusable!' );
// Result: array( array( 4, 'hell' ), array( 14, 'ore' ) )
```


Features
--------

The algorithm works by constructing a finite-state machine out of the set of
search keywords. The time it takes to construct the finite state machine is
proportional to the sum of the lengths of the search keywords. Once
constructed, the machine can locate all occurences of all search keywords in
any body of text in a single pass, making exactly one state transition per
input character.

The algorithm originates from ["Efficient string matching: an aid to bibliographic search"][paper] (CACM, Volume 18, Issue 6, June 1975) by Alfred V. Aho and Margaret J. Corasick.

See also the definition and reference implementation on [nist.gov][dads].


[paper]: https://doi.org/10.1145/360825.36085
[dads]: http://xlinux.nist.gov/dads/HTML/ahoCorasick.html

Contribute
----------

- Issue tracker: https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/tag/ahocorasick/
- Source code: https://gerrit.wikimedia.org/g/AhoCorasick


Support
-------

If you are having issues, [please let us know][2].


License
-------

The project is licensed under the Apache license.


[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aho%E2%80%93Corasick_string_matching_algorithm
[2]: https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/maniphest/task/create/?projects=PHID-PROJ-hs5ausnvlfs4e3n5gmzg
